added the requirement to keep the Holder informed about status changes (#97)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions: draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions.md

The general requirements for the implementation of Status Assertion are
listed in this section. The Status Assertion:

- notifies the Holder about the status of their Digital Credential,

> because the Holder MUST be informed by the Issuers of any changes

Reviewer: this BCP14 keyword would probably be better in a section describing how the issuer conforms to the spec, and not in general requirements, but its ok here.

Author: something like: X MUST Y because blah blah

ok, I can do this.

Author: done

> - notifies the Holder about the status of their Digital Credential,
> because the Holder MUST be informed by the Issuers of any changes

Author: ```suggestion
- notifies the Holder about the status of their Digital Credential. Issuers MUST notify the Holder about the status of their Digital Credential because the Holder needs to be informed of any changes.
```

Author: @marinaado wdyt? ^

Reviewer 2: I think it would be slightly nicer if it says: "The Issuer MUST notify" instead "Issuers MUST notify." 

I searched through the specification and i found the we use singular with definite article for BCP 14 words. 

Otherwise is good.

Author: done, thank you
